leftover software todo from last year:

OK vidref should have a time slider
OK factor out music dir so it can be different per machine
- all settings should be in RDF and live-shared across all apps, maybe with anzo for updates
- asco should have GUI for picking which sound output you want, and store the setting
- vidref should have snapshot button for taking pics of the stage
- bring mini tripod or beanbag for the vidref camera
- more remote contol stuff
- vidref adjustable crop to the stage aspect
- vidref should have an 'in progress' row to prove that it's recording something new
- remote-run GUIs should say what machine they're on. Or, everyone should say what RDF server it's talking tox
- scrub inside curvecalc, preview a video in it
- bring curvecalc's logging inside the GUI window
- asco stops considerably after the autostop time (according to curvecalc)
- vidref's replay 'enabled' button should be completely sticky across sessions
- audio process pipeline; RDF graph should track versions of songs (padded, normalized)

- subcomposter needs refresh


bring:
500W bulbs
gels
blackwrap
flashlight
white tape for labels

shopping:
500W bulbs
AA batts

todo:
vidref raise for musicScale race condition

video follows *mouse* as you move around in CC (music cursor does not
move unless you ask)

ascoltami web ui should be able to set the pulseaudio routing of the
music to internal laptop or external usb

let us use chan name anywhere we can use sub name

8 - mix to mono

CC don't let you make a curve name with non-python-identifier chars in it. flatten - to _

12 ending is super loud

13 start with a chase?

port vidref to store pics in mongodb gridfs

consider doing all the lighting from seats in the house, with wifi or
ethernet or dmx+audio to the booth

pay attention to levels between songs in medlies, not just the
per-dance normalization

preshow:
make curtain warmer
turn off lcd to fix the audio buzz
direct net
kill unnecessary daemons

show 2011:

big trouble with music player stopping at the end time, instead of
resetting to zero. then i ran the next curvecalc and it brought lights
on between songs. we worked around it by playing the next song and
then pausing it before it got to 4sec.

looks like the magic .2 sec threshold in player.py might not be
working. that should be a proper gstreamer event at the real end

blacklight in 15 didn't seem to work

got through 16 songs until the sliders disconnected from KC, leaving
the solo special on until i could grab the mouse and take it
out. worked around this by restarting a zeroed-out KC so it
reconnected to sliders. i am still getting no error messages anywhere
for this slider failure. maybe i can constantly ping the sliders
somehow?

16 goes briefly to black at 323!

16 the color and back chases that last until 512, those are really
extreme and long, when the theater is all dark. we should have been
stricter about dark theater during the day

CC bug: new subterms don't make the subterm area scroll correctly.

vidref segfaults sometimes for no reason, and usually at exit.

we should have mixed all the audio to mono to avoid issues with the
songs from the era when they panned certain instruments all the way to
one side

i should buy a little usb light we can point over the sound board,
and maybe another for my laptop's nonilluminated keyboard

second night, with ascoltami EOS fixes: everything was fine until the
playthru of 16, which somehow went right into 17 and started fading
lights in. We grabbed the audio level and wound ascoltami back to 0 to
take the lights back out. Unclear why asco can sometimes play on to
the next song, but i suspect all the async gst commands are not being
handled right. i need a better state machine that really captures all
the states that happen, and doesn't take it for granted that stuff
like pause();seek(0) will happen as written



---------------------------

configuration:

  plus laptop ran most things; a macbook running chrome had the
  ascoltami gui. plus needed a usb hub for all its devices:
    dmx
    wireless mouse
    sliders
    phone charger
    usb sound

  plus had my garage LCD for 2 monitors, but we undid that for the
  shows since plugging in the lcd added a lot of audio noise (even
  with the usb sound card). Maybe my nicer lcd monitors don't cause
  that problem

  used one of my 3-pin/5-pin dmx convertors to connect the strobe
  light. Used a plain 5-pin extension to connect the enttec dmx to the
  theater- probably pointless

---------------------------

selectable:
  curverow
  points on any number of curves
  

menus:
  create curve
  create subtermx
  
  points:
    scale selected pts
    shift selected pts
    adjust fade widths 
    

multiple time grids overlaid on the scene: song breaks, sections
within a song, beats. let them take optional labels

